{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl940\sa80\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs69\fsmilli34667 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 American Time Use Data 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 This analysis uses the American Time Use Data (ATUS), which was downloaded from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.ipums.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Minnesota Population Center's IPUMS}} (Hoffert, Flood, & Sobek, 2015). This analysis will explore relationship between age, region, work, and volunteering.
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The data were extracted in SPSS format and read into R. Age was recoded into a categorical variable for the analysis. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Descriptive statistics
\f1\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The ATUS data here is from 2010, 2012, and 2013, with a total of 37088 respondents. The average age of respondents was 47.6 years (SD = 17.82, range 15 - 85). 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 [insert tables of other descriptives from script]
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Plots
\f1\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 [insert plots throughout]
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The average time spent volunteering seemed to be largest among respondents in their seventies, with averages smallest for respondent in their 20s. Aside from teens volunteering more time than people between 20-40, time spent volunteering seemed to increase for each age group until 80. Across most age groups, volunteering was highest among respondents in the Western US. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Time spent socializing was more uniform across regions, but appeared to vary with age. Average time spent socializing appeared to decrease with age among groups between teens and 30s, and then increased with age among groups 40 and older. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Time spent working did not appear to relate to time spent volunteer for any age group, although time spent working did appear to be negatively related with time socializing across all groups. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 Correlations
\f1\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 The visual assessments were reflected in the correlation coefficients between work, volunteering, and socializing for each age group. 
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 [insert table]
\f1\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl580\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 References
\f1\b\fs36 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 Sandra L. Hofferth, Sarah M. Flood, and Matthew Sobek. American Time Use Survey Data Extract Builder: Version 2.5 [dataset]. College Park, MD: University of Maryland and Minneapolis, MN: University of Minnesota, 2015. http://doi.org/10.18128/D060.V2.5.
\f1\fs24 \
}